Hello everybody. Welcome to another
episode of NFA Live. I am joined as ever
by Guy from Coin Bureau, Finance Bureau,
Money Bureau, AI Bureau, Coin Bureau
Podcast, Coin Bureau Trading, Coin
Bureau Chinese, and Coin Bureau Espanol.
So, Guy, welcome to the show.
>> Thanks. I'm not on the I'm not on uh the
Chinese channel. My Mandarin isn't good
enough.
>> Ah, I'm sure I'm sure AI can make that
work just wonderfully. And of course,
we've got Ben from Into the Cryptoverse.
Ben, welcome back.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> Absolutely. So, it's kind of one of
those days that uh is not looking so
great, but very boring as we've uh taken
along our little uh uh crypto adventure
that we have. So, I just have some
questions and we're going to go through
this pretty quickly uh just to talk
about what's happening. So the first
question is this market is boring and uh
I just want to get everybody's feeling
like I kind of feel like this is and the
data is trying to show this which is it
seems like the markets themselves
are quite uh moving in a very like
linear uh manner. It doesn't seem like
there's there's much action. I remember
back in 2022, even though it was awful,
we had a collapse of Celsius, Voyager,
FTX, we had Luna collapse, we had
everybody going to jail, at least it was
entertaining, but right now it just
seems like everything is pretty much
moving sideways. As we take a look at
the market, we can see that right now
that Bitcoin is below 75 now at 73,423.
We had a drop of 3% in roughly 24 hours.
Uh in a week, we're down 5%. But if we
just take a look at things like moving
averages, I mean, we are
well above where I think we actually
should be as we've gone across 200 250
day and so on and so forth. And if we
take a look at u I mean just the ROI as
time has gone on, we're actually moving
quite sideways as opposed to the last
cycle and the cycle before that and the
cycle before that and the cycle before
that if you want to count it. So what's
your thoughts on this about as far as
the mentality of sticking with it in a
very boring market? Guy, you've been
around for I think the longest out of
all of us. So, just kind of bring us
into uh what you think and how you're
getting through this kind of lame
market.
>> Sure.
>> Well, I mean, yes, you're right. We
don't have the uh we don't have the
fireworks that we had in 2022 with
everything uh failing and people going
to jail, etc. Um, which is a good thing.
So, be careful what you wish for. We
don't want the market to get too
interesting in uh in that respect. But
for me that you know I kind of read that
as okay it is dull but I guess that is
part of the part of the phase that
crypto is now moving into and that you
know the current sort of market
condition does seem to reflect that
sentiment I think in that you know we're
not the
te crypto is not the the new
technological frontier anymore like it
was in 2021 say when there you know
there there was genuine excitement
around uh around blockchain and and
tokenization and what all these what all
these technologies could do that has you
know that has shifted so obviously AI is
um is is is the big technological uh
revolution happening at the moment um so
crypto is kind of moving into its I
guess what it was always destined to be
which is the the the the sector it was
always destined to move into which is
kind of back-end technology which is
essentially what a blockchain is. You
know a blockchain is is a database at
the end of the day. All these projects
are basically database uh projects. This
is this is inf crypto is is
infrastructure I think. So it kind of
figures or it kind of makes sense I
think that that we're moving into this
phase now. Um which unfortunately yeah
does not translate to great returns. It
also translates to a lot of exhaustion
in the market, a lot of disappointment I
think like that. Um, things like that.
So, and plus when, you know, we've now
got these as as sort of beffits almost
this changing status of crypto. We've
now got things like all these ethical
considerations
um that are now being talked about. You
certainly in relation to the Clarity Act
and uh you know whether politicians
should be able to benefit uh financially
from the technologies that they're
supposed to be regulated. There's all
these kind of back and forths with uh
so-called ethical considerations.
>> And yeah, I mean that sort of stuff is
boring. It's necessary, but it's it's
kind of boring and a bit tedious. But
again, this is this is the uh era of
crypto that we're moving into. So I kind
of I think it kind of beffits befits the
industry and its stage that uh that that
we're you know this is the sort of
market that we're experiencing now. Um
and when you consider I guess as well
all the other uh all the other sectors
that are so that are you know popping
off I mean mentioned AI but you've
you've got IPOs like SpaceX you know
we've got the first ever com space
company going public which is I mean
that is really exciting. I mean, whether
SpaceX will live up to what, a $2
trillion valuation, I don't know. But
it's it sure is exciting that we're now
at that stage in human evolution where
the first companies that are that are
going to operate in space are going
public. Um, that's an awful lot for
crypto. That's an awful lot for a
glorified database to compete with. I
guess
>> I have to say that's uh that's pretty
much uh spot on, especially with the
valuations of these um companies coming
in. I don't think they're going to live
up to the hype. I think there's there's
only so many that can actually, you
know, get through it. And then just just
to piggyback on what you said, I saw
this today. NASA looks like they're
sharing an update on their NASA moon
base. I think Elon Musk actually
retweeted this out. So things are moving
in that direction, I would say. But as
far as like digital assets and crypto, I
see it as flat. Maybe I'm wrong. Ben,
give us a little bit of uh perspective.
>> Well, at least someone's headed to the
moon, you know.
That's a good one. That's a good one.
>> I mean, I don't really have anything to
add. I mean, yeah. I mean, this is kind
of how all midterm years are. This is
what 2022 felt like. But I think in
2022, there was a bit more um major, you
know, companies that were all going
under. we haven't really seen the ex the
same extent. There are a lot of
companies going under. Um, and there's a
lot of companies that are I mean in the
crypto space there's definitely some
companies that are are hurting there.
Some of the crypto stocks if you look
they're like down like 99%.
Um,
>> Naka stuff like that.
>> I didn't say anything. Um,
>> and uh, yeah, I mean they're they're
really they're really struggling right
now. And I I I mean I hope I hope they
survive, right? I mean, because this is
these are difficult times in the market
and my guess is that it'll stay like
this for a while. I don't I don't really
see I mean, Bitcoin might have counter
trend rallies like we know that we we
had one, you know, like five months ago.
We we just it seems like we maybe just
finished one and we'll probably have
another. Um, but a lot of those
companies I think that are are mostly
just dependent on the crypto markets are
going to keep struggling in my opinion.
and the ones that that pivoted,
you know, to other things, they're the
ones that are actually doing much
better. So, um, I don't really see the
current market conditions changing right
now. I mean, I think Bitcoin's going to
keep bleeding against both the stock
market and gold and energy and
manufacturing. This is what it does in
midterm years. It's not like in this
case is not different this time. It's
actually this is how it always plays
out. The only the only thing that's
different this time is there wasn't a
blowoff top. So, you know, not we like
we weren't really coming off that
euphoric feeling. And I think a lot of
times when you have a euphoria at the
end of a cycle, that euphoria can take
like five or six months mentally to kind
of die out. But when you don't have a
euphoria at the end of a cycle, it just
like people just immediately turn
bearish or immediately get really down
because, you know, you didn't have that
that blowoff top type move. So, I don't
I don't see things changing. I mean, you
usually what happens in midterm years is
we kind of go down into June and then we
kind of bounce some in the summer. Like,
we'll bounce in like July or August and
then we kind of get the final low in in
the fourth quarter of the year. So,
that's probably how it's going to play
out if I had to guess. And if it plays
out like that, I think this sort of
boring view is is likely going to
continue.
>> Yeah, it's not a boring view. It's just
it seems like that's just pretty much
how it is. It's part for the course and
we're going down that road. So, this
will lead me to the next and pretty much
the final question. I'm going to wrap
these together so we can get into a
little bit more Q&A which is we were
talking about,
you know, Bitcoin and crypto and of
course we our channels are pretty much
focused on that except for of course Guy
has many more. But the question I have
is this. Um, I took profits on on
Bitcoin and all coins. I'm glad I did. I
should have done better and I didn't do
as great as I as I could have. The
question is, is that should we be
waiting for more downside as we've gone
into this? I know you guys have done
videos on four-year cycles. Should we
just be waiting for more downside or and
then getting into crypto or getting into
like energy infrastructure, AI plays and
things like that? And then lastly, which
is if we're going to talk about that,
all of these indicators failed us or
most of these indicators failed us for
the last blowoff top. So, since those
indicators did fail us and the only one
that actually stood up the test of time,
which would be the four-year cycle,
should we just blindly just go with
that? So, it's a loaded question and
that's what we're here for. Ben, I'm
going to start I'm going to lead off
with you again because we were just
talking, then we'll shift to guy and
we'll do a little Q&A.
>> Yeah, I actually just made a video about
that recently. Basically, the only
indicator that anyone really ever needed
was just buy at the end of the midterm
year and sell at the end of the post
having year. I mean, you know, we can
over complicate it, but that's been sort
of the right strategy for Bitcoin. What
I what I've learned to do uh with
Bitcoin, and I I learned this in 2018,
um you know, made all the mistakes
before that a number of times, but by
2018, I finally learned in midterm
years, just ignore Bitcoin for the first
half of the year. Just ignore it.
Pretend like pretend like it just
doesn't exist, and you just wait. And
then once you get to the summer,
especially kind of after the drop going
into the summer, that's when you start
to, you know, start to get interested in
Bitcoin. Um, so think about
the July, August, September time frame
knowing that if you buy then there still
could be one last drop, right? Like
there was one last drop in 2022, the FTX
collapse we had in Q4. There was one
last drop in 2018 uh that that started
in November. There was also one last
drop in 2014 that actually bled into the
very beginning of 2015. Um so the way I
navigate Bitcoin these days, you know,
the last couple of cycles and midterm
years is just ignore it for the first
six months and then start to look for
deals. And again, that doesn't mean you
won't have these rallies. We just had
one. But the the problem is kind of like
what you said, Rob, is there's all these
other plays. There's all these other
bull markets. There's all these other
actual bull markets happening in other
in other markets. Um where you don't
have to try to time counter trend
rallies, right? You know, the S&P keeps
going to new all-time highs. Um
international emer international funds,
emerging markets keep going to new
all-time highs. Manufacturing, energy,
that stuff, you know, just put in new
all-time highs not that long ago. And
it's I I think as an investor and I
think uh um Munger talked about this too
is that like any good investor when
they're buying anything, they always
think about opportunity cost, you know,
and it's it's hard it's hard to want to
go buy Bitcoin in the first half of the
midterm year when I just see it bleeding
to like everything else, right? So then
if you buy the stuff that's actually in
a bull market, then when Bitcoin has
those countertrend rallies, you're not
as emotionally tied up in that rally
because well, you've been invested in
places where the bull market actually
is. Um, so I think that's what gets
people is if they're not buying Bitcoin,
they're a lot of times not buying
anything, you know, and then they're
just sitting completely in cash and then
when the market goes up, they get really
mad and they want to blame people. where
whereas if you just kind of recognize
that hey
other markets do really well in midterm
years uh you can still make a lot of
money in midterm years and you could
argue that by ignoring Bitcoin in the
first half of the midterm year and just
buying other things you're actually
increasing your future capital to then
go buy Bitcoin potentially at the end of
the midterm year you know um so I mean
those are my views I I I think that
ignoring crypto for the first half of
the midterm year is usually the right
move and then the second half you start
to look for good deals kind of in
preparation for the next market cycle.
>> Right. Yeah. And I I'll tell you like uh
I mean I I buy Bitcoin every Monday
because I'm still on the thesis that uh
the government's going to debase the
currency, but I will tell you, you know,
there's a lot of things that I I wait
for and I just look at the the data. I'm
like I think there's going to be more of
a dump later on. So well said. And then
Guy, what do you That's a again, it's a
loaded question. I apologize, but uh
what do you have for this one?
Well, I mean, isn't isn't Ben right? I
mean, uh, yeah, if you if you've ignored
crypto for the first half of this year
or or this year so far, you've you've
nailed it because the returns have not
been the returns have not been good. So
yeah, I mean I think there's always
there's always uh space for some
highquality crypto projects in any
portfolio and you know obviously Bitcoin
is the is is is is the big one but you
know we're seeing some we're seeing some
assets do well. You know Hyperlquid is
is one and there's you know there's a
project with that is genuinely making a
ton of money um and that is providing
people with something that they want to
use.
>> True. So, um, it's not like, you know,
all of crypto is is struggling, but it's
very very it's very very localized in in
just a handful of projects. So, in terms
of Yeah, I mean, I think there probably
is more downside to come. Um, it's
certainly in the crypto market. So, you
can you can wait for that or it's not
like there's any shortage of other
things to go into. You know, as we were
discussing earlier, we're we're we're
entering this sort of crazy IPO season.
you got the likes of SpaceX and Open AI,
but there's so many other markets. I
mean, energy, I think, is a particularly
interesting one. Um, given that it's
kind of okay, it's AI adjacent, but um
and obviously the AI trade itself feels
feels bubbly, feels kind of crowded and
I think is, you know, is is is quite
high risk, although I mean it just it
just has kept going and going. But um
energy in particular, I think, you know,
we need energy for everything and we
don't have nearly enough of it and we're
only ever going to use more. So um that
I think is an interesting is an
interesting place to look. Um and then
there's, you know, there's even things
like bonds. Now, if I can, if you can
just um pull up my screen, this this
tweet that uh that Nick put out um
recently. Uh you know, the what is it?
The 30 year 30-year yield is now above
5%. Um the 10-year yields around four
and a half percent. Um okay uh
governments are going to keep um keep
borrowing and keep debasing the currency
but you know four and a half 5% is is
pretty good for a lot of investors and
we know from experience from past you
know from past years that when bonds are
doing well uh that's not good for risk
assets. So I mean even bonds are an
opportunity now. I mean, UK UK guilts,
UK government bonds, I think are
currently at levels that you haven't
that we haven't seen since 1998,
>> which is wild to think about. So, you
know, that's a whole that's a whole
asset class that I don't think anyone
was really all that interested in
recently because the yields were
um but all of a sudden now it's like,
oh, okay. Um and then yeah, I think
another interesting thing to look out
for as well or I mean not so much from
an investment point of view perhaps but
um one really interesting thing that
someone pointed out is that the rules
have now changed around some of these uh
some of these index funds. So they are
going to be able to include the likes of
SpaceX and Open AAI these you know these
monster IPOs. So, it's going to be
interesting to see how some of these
fund managers
manage to work these mega IPO IPOs into
these big new stocks into their index
portfolios because obviously um you know
they're going to have to balance them by
if they bring in a load of SpaceX then
they're going to have to sell a lot of
other stuff. So, it'll be very
interesting to see what actually gets
sold by some of these index funds. You
know, I'm thinking like the NASDAQ 100
or whatever. um uh to to make room for
the likes of SpaceX. So, I guess in a
nutshell, yeah, there is there is
probably still more downside to come in
crypto, but there's tons of other
there's so many investment opportunities
out there. There's so many different
markets now. And of course, one of the
great things about crypto is that it is
helping bring some of that make make
some of those markets a lot more
accessible.
>> A lot more accessible. So, so guy, last
one was uh indicators. Anything that uh
that you're thinking about as far as
like looking at for the markets
themselves? Any indicators that you use
or you think like ah they all suck
anyhow and I'll just go for this one.
Um indicators I mean not as such I think
everything's so dependent on dependent
on headlines now um that I kind of just
you know I kind of just try to keep an
eye on that. um to see, you know,
everything is everything's we're all
just waiting for whatever Trump does
next, for whatever mad he comes out
with next. So, you know, that's that's
kind of the only ind indicator I'm
watching, the the Trump Truth Social.
>> That's exactly right. I call this TA.
And if you don't know TA, you need to
know it. TA is important. I don't know
what you guys think of it. For me, it's
his Trump analysis. just follow him on
true social then just follow those those
tweets that he puts out and those are
that's essentially your trading
strategy. Congratulations. So everybody,
thank you so much for stopping by. We
appreciate it. Those will be the
questions that I had and there pretty
good insights from both of these
gentlemen. Now let's get into a little
Q&A. We'll go about five or 10 minutes
or so and then we'll get the heck out of
here. So first question I guess this
well guys more towards you. Will SpaceX
IPO wreck the market? And it's not just
the SpaceX valuation of 1 point I think
it's 1.3 but I think someone said two
trillion but we also have that anthropic
open AI and who knows what other
different AI companies that are coming
out for an IPO. What do you think about
this? Is could this wreck everything as
we saw it as a do era or do you think
everything's just going to catch up to
the speculation?
>> Yeah, it's an interesting question. I
think well I go back to what I was
saying earlier about those index funds
balancing those out. I mean that is a
potential that is a potential way in
which it could disrupt the market I
guess. Um but there seems to be you know
there seems to be a lot of appetite for
these um new companies but I guess I
guess they could wreck the market if
they fail to live up live up to
expectations. Um I mean you know space I
don't really know what SpaceX's sort of
revenue path is. um and when they expect
to start, you know, making uh serious
returns. I mean, they make a lot of
money, for instance, from Starlink. Um
which I guess is is something that's
going to keep growing and growing. But I
mean, I don't think that I don't think
Starink alone is is going to generate
enough to justify a $2 trillion IPO
price. So, I mean, I I think probably in
terms of in terms of real revenue for
something like SpaceX, we're talking
decades. and by which point it could be
it could be making insane amounts of
money. But um I guess we're in this era
of of you know so many new companies, so
many exciting new things coming to
market that I guess maybe the risk is
that people aren't patient enough
because I think when you're when you're
literally exploring a new frontier, um
that's not something that's just going
to open up overnight. You know, this is
something that's probably going to take
I imagine SpaceX will burn through money
for for years um until eventually it h
it comes to rule over uh all of us.
>> I got to say that's true. And then just
to go back to your point on Starlink, I
have Starlink. It works fantastic. They
raised my price by 20 bucks. So maybe
that's where they're getting all their
funding from. Anyhow,
>> that's a good answer.
>> What's up?
>> They also have a lot of they also have a
lot of uh AI compute investments and
stuff. So
>> yes,
>> and and you know they can make money
like launching satellites. Um that's
gonna probably be a big revenue stream
as well.
>> I think so.
>> I mean they have I think I mean I yeah
it's probably going to take some money
out of the market but long term that
SpaceX is probably a bullish thing. you
know, like in the short term, right,
absolutely. It probably will take
kind of suck liquidity out of the market
for a little bit and probably have a
correction in the S&P, but long term,
I've learned never to bet against Elon
Musk.
>> That's the truth. You know, it's it's
kind of like going back to like the dot
era. I mean, we saw so many different
companies crash, but the ones that made
it are the ones that are being they're
the huge they're the behemoths. They're
the Amazons and the meta of the world.
Just got to find the right one. And like
Ben said, there's some short-term pain
for some long-term gain. This would be
like a great segue to this question.
It's a good question. I'm direct this to
Ben. Would you sell some more crypto now
to reallocate another asset classes
that'll probably do better until Q4? I
think all of us here have taken the
profits that we're going to take. I
don't know if we want to talk about
selling even more into weakness, but are
you getting into other different types
of investments at this point? I know
Ben, you are kind of going to like the
more world view.
>> I mean, I think the time to sell was Q4
of last year. I you know, you don't want
you don't really want to get in the
business of like panic selling during
crash like during drops and stuff
because, you know, there's also for a
lot of people there's tax implications
associated with that. Um, you know,
let's say you were to sell Bitcoin right
now and then go buy energy. Uh, who's to
know if that will work out in 2022?
energy topped in June, you know. So, I I
don't I I think when you're when you're
this far into the midterm year, it's
more so just write it off as tuition as
to if you've sort of experienced pain in
your portfolio. I don't generally
recommend, you know, and the thing is is
like we never get these questions when
the market's going up. Um,
>> of course,
>> we typically just get it when the
market's going down. And so, like I I
you know, I I'll stand by what I said. I
think the time if you're going to sell
crypto I I think the time to do it was
last year and you know as we get into
like the July time frame like I'll start
looking to to probably maybe even start
buying as early you know sometime later
this summer. Um I don't I don't think
you have to like wait to be convinced
the bottom is in to start buying. Like I
don't you if you think about it in 2022
if you started buying in July and August
when Bitcoin was at 20K it only
marginally went lower later in the year
and anyone who bought at like 20K in
July of 2022 ended up making a lot of
money. So I I think just kind of get
through the I mean we're only we only
got one more month in the um in the
first half of 2026 and that's normally
the time to just ignore crypto.
probably start looking to maybe get
positions in the back half of 2026.
>> Yeah, exactly. I can see that. Guy, same
thing. What do you think?
>> Yeah. Yeah, I I I agree. I mean, I I'm I
would perhaps sell a little bit more
crypto um things that are performing
well. I've sold some hype recently. Um,
but if we get another if we get another
pump on that, then I would take some
more profits on that. Um, so, uh, yeah,
but I I think Ben's I think Ben's right.
You know, the time to sell was a while
back. If you have conviction in the
projects that you're holding at the
moment, then, you know, I I think I
think holding is probably the thing to
do.
>> Very well. I can see that. Uh, I'm
sorry. I I keep laughing at um at these
comments. I got to tell you, we have
some of the best most uh enlightened uh
people that that that come in as far as
like our subscribers. And this is from
Metafactor. Welcome to the three
negativo show.
>> Uh very nice.
>> You know, you know, a really good
indicator of when to sell Bitcoin. It's
when everyone's dunking on me on
Twitter.
>> It's like that's like all the time, Ben.
What are you talking about? You're like
the most hated man on Twitter.
>> I don't know why.
If we if we sold every time you got
dunked on on Twitter, Ben, none of us
would have any anything left. I'd have
sold everything.
>> Yeah, exactly. I would have I would have
bought one
>> like what? I don't know.
>> No, I don't know.
>> It's It's interesting, isn't it? It that
that people uh that people don't like um
bearishness, you know. I mean, I can I
can understand it. I can understand why
people um uh you know they want to hear
good news and things like that, but it
it does kind of it's always it's always
something that strikes me as strange.
It's just like no no don't don't tell us
what you think. Tell us what you think
we want to hear. It's like right
>> I'm not sure that'll do anyone any good.
>> Yeah, I think so.
>> Yeah.
>> Nobody Everybody wants to hear their
opinion coming out of your mouth. That's
pretty much how it goes,
>> right?
>> And then uh last question. Where did I
put it?
The Cohen indicator. Have you used the
CR?
There was um
ah here he is last question which is
pretty good. This is for guy and Ben.
Can you provide a view if we go into
recession how crypto will behave? I I
think I would just
think it's going to be not too positive
but recession time and things going
down. What's your guys' thoughts about
uh what we should be for altcoins and
Bitcoin? How would that hold up? As a
reminder,
>> I think I think Bitcoin would probably
bottom. I I would say there's a good
chance Bitcoin would bottom before the
recession is announced. Um like on
average, the stock market bottoms like
15 day if you look at like the last six
or seven recessions, uh the stock market
has bottomed like 15 days before the
recession is declared. And I think that
Bitcoin would probably bottom earlier
than that because it's further, you
know, it's further up the risk curve. It
tends to price things in a lot quicker.
Uh so you also have to think too like if
if we think about like why crypto is
underperforming so much right now. I
think the argument is that like crypto
is more dependent on looser monetary
policy than the stock market is. And the
reason why crypto keeps going down is
well because of the four-ear cycle. But
if you need a narrative to support it,
it's because, you know, energy prices
have gone up, inflation's heading
higher, and now all this all these rate
cuts have have gotten priced out of the
curve. Like, they've completely been
priced out. Um, and now the market's
starting to price in rate hikes. So, you
could argue that if there was fear
around recessions, right, if the labor
market was really starting to weaken and
if the unemployment rate was starting to
move higher, that would actually lead to
probably looser monetary policy, which
would actually pretty um you know,
pretty positively affect Bitcoin. But
again, we're not we're not at that point
in the cycle right now. like we're just
in the psy part of the cycle where where
the riskier stuff keeps bleeding out to
the lower risk stuff because there's not
a recession, right? It's because it's
because there's not a recession that the
market's pricing in rate hikes. Um if if
the market was worried about a
recession, we certainly wouldn't be
pricing in rate hikes right now. So
rate hikes, we'll see if uh Kevin Worsh
does it. Guy, anything to add for that
one before we get out of here?
>> Not much. I I think it's Yeah, Ben
mentioned that that that crypto is
something that, you know, it tends to it
tends to react quicker to to to news
than than other asset classes and I
think I think yeah, you know, I think
for a lot of people for most people
probably it is the more disposable asset
class. So, um, yeah, I mean, if we if if
a recession was to be announced, I mean,
I guess one of the things about
recessions is that they're usually by
the time um they've got round to being
announced, you know, they're usually
nearly over. Um, but I guess, you know,
it may it depends how people react to it
and how people feel. you know, if people
are feeling pinched, if if it's a really
tough recession and people are losing
their jobs um and need to find liquidity
from somewhere or even just think that
they need to find liquidity from
somewhere, then then crypto will be
first on the first on the block.
>> Well said. Well said. All right,
everybody.
>> I just probably got to do the D, right?
>> Keep doing it. I don't know why people
dunk on you, Benny. You're a very
entertaining guy. This is so so unfair.
All right, everybody. So, that's it for
for today for the NFL live show. Want to
keep things a little bit quick so you
can get in on your life. But again,
follow Guy and Ben. Plethora of
different information you can find in
the description. That's it for this one.
So, we will see you guys next week as
we've got uh this will be on Guy's
channel. So, thanks everybody. See you
on the next one. Adios.